[No QA] Document when Onyx.connectWithoutView is acceptable (#95207)
Expensify/App: contributingGuides/philosophies/DATA-BINDING.md

> ### - Library files that are not connected or associated to any UI SHOULD use `Onyx.connectWithoutView()` to subscribe to changes in Onyx data

Reviewer: I'd put this rule under the one below for `### - Action methods (`/src/lib/actions`) SHOULD be pure functions and not access global data`. I think we should list them in order we prefer them.

Library files are located in `/src/lib` but excluding the actions in `/src/lib/actions` which have their own rule below.

> `Onyx.connectWithoutView()` is not the default, even in a library file: first prefer a pure function that receives the data as parameters, and reach for `Onyx.connectWithoutView()` only when the library genuinely needs to react to Onyx changes outside of render. Never add one just because nearby code uses it. See [Reading Onyx data: `useOnyx` vs `Onyx.connectWithoutView`](/contributingGuides/philosophies/ONYX-DATA-MANAGEMENT.md#reading-onyx-data-useonyx-vs-onyxconnectwithoutview) for the full rules.

Reviewer: Can we add examples to clarify this?

> `Onyx.connectWithoutView()` is not the default, even in a library file: first prefer a pure function that receives the data as parameters, and reach for `Onyx.connectWithoutView()` only when the library genuinely needs to react to Onyx changes outside of render. Never add one just because nearby code uses it. See [Reading Onyx data: `useOnyx` vs `Onyx.connectWithoutView`](/contributingGuides/philosophies/ONYX-DATA-MANAGEMENT.md#reading-onyx-data-useonyx-vs-onyxconnectwithoutview) for the full rules.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`useOnyx()` is the standard for accessing Onyx data for React components. Non-React library files should always prefer using pure functions that receive all data as parameters. `Onyx.connectWithoutView()` should only be used when a library file is unable to get the data with `useOnyx()` (eg. non-React code, network layer, etc.). Never add a reference to `Onyx.connectWithoutView()` just because nearby code uses it. See [Reading Onyx data: `useOnyx` vs `Onyx.connectWithoutView`](/contributingGuides/philosophies/ONYX-DATA-MANAGEMENT.md#reading-onyx-data-useonyx-vs-onyxconnectwithoutview) for the full rules.
```
